Add accordion component (#2208)
gradio-app/gradio: guides/3)building_with_blocks/2)controlling_layout.md

See how the first column has two Textboxes arranged vertically. The second column has an Image and Button arranged vertically. Notice how the relative widths of the two columns is set by the `scale` parameter. The column with twice the `scale` value takes up twice the width.

> ## Tabs amd Accordions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Tabs and Accordions
```

$code_blocks_flipper
$demo_blocks_flipper

> Also note the Accordion that can be opened and closed - another layout element to selectively show content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also note the `gradio.Accordion('label')` in this example. The Accordion is a layout that can be toggled open or close. Like `Tabs`, it is another layout element that can selectively hide or show content. Any components that are defined inside of a `with gradio.Accordion('label'):` will be hidden or shown when the accordion's toggle icon is clicked.
```
